if it looks like a duck walks like a
duck and quacks like a duck it's
probably a duck this is wise Council
whenever the media and experts insist
that you not believe Your Lying Eyes
take the ongoing issue where men who
perfectly fit the profile of radical
Muslims engage in the usual acts of
Islamic terrorism only for the
authorities to turn around and tell us
not to be Hasty and jump to
conclusions remember for example the
African son of migrants who stabbed to
death three little girls age 6 s and n
in Southport England just last summer
although the stabbing of random people
especially children has long been a
chief Hallmark of Islamic terrorism
openly sponsored by ISIS the Islamic
State British media and politicians were
quick to shame anyone who dared suggest
the murderer was a Muslim as an
islamophobe instead they insisted that
he was a Christian whose family was
heavily involved with a local church
according to one report a few months
later it turned out that this supposed
Christian was Reading jihadist
literature including a document called
military studies in the Jihad against
tyrants Al in Arabic and had even
produced the biological toxin risen to
kill even more infidels then there was a
Syrian Asylum Seeker in France who a
year earlier also in the summer of 2023
went on a stabbing spree in a playground
repeatedly stabbing one toddler and
knifing a total of four children age
three again although this was a very
typical jihadist Behavior the media told
us not so fast he was obviously a
Christian since his name was very
Christian sounding Abdul massiah servant
of Christ and rather than issue the
usual Muslim war cry that accompanies
these types of attacks Allah abbar he
had reportedly cried out in the name of
Jesus Christ while holding his cross
necklace before initiating in his
Rampage a day or two later though
Christian migrants from Syria stepped
forward saying they recognized the
stabber Abdul Mah supposedly as one of
the Islamic terrorists that had operated
in Syria when they were there and who
terrorized them and who eventually
caused them to flee even though now he
had come back and had joined them and
was in the nation as well in France uh
they even gave his name as silwan Majid
and it said that they they pointed out
basically that there's a lot of his kind
uh clandestine Muslim terrorist
operating in Europe and then more
recently this was confirmed by a young
Frenchman Henry Deon
selm uh who had actually intervened and
helped stop the the French playground
stabbing spree of this supposed Abdul
massiah servant of Christ he also
revealed in an in a recent interview
that a magistrate had confirmed to him
and the stabber was not Christian but a
member of Isis who was pretending to be
Christian of course for those in the
know Revelations such as these that the
two migrant stabbers of children in
England and France were Muslim Muslim
after all are rather Superfluous we have
and rely on something called common
sense if it looks like a duck walks like
a duck quacks like a duck it's probably
a duck indeed right before both
Revelations when the media was insisting
that these two terrorists were Christian
I offered numerous reasons as to why
both were almost certainly Muslims
acting out their Jihad links to those
articles in the description the bottom
line is this Islam allows and in some
cases advocates for Muslims to deceive
non-muslims including by pretending to
be Christian this is why I'm also
convinced that all those other
terrorists who the media continued to
present as Christian such as Talib Abdul
M the Saudi who just this last Christmas
killed six people and injured 300 by
plowing his vehicle into them in Germany
at a Christmas Market and before him
Amed Elman who bombed a Liverpool
Hospital in 2021 killing himself
are and were Muslim terrorists in
sheep's clothing not only is the
deception of non-muslims and Ironclad
aspect of sharia with tea being just one
of the most notorious such doctrines but
both past and present furnish countless
examples of this phenomenon one of the
most telling comes from Spain in 1492
the natives of Spain the Christians
finally reconquered via the Reconquista
Granada the final Muslim Bastion in
Spain soon thereafter and because the
Denis of gonada the Muslims continue to
engage in Acts of Terror massacring
Christians raping them plundering them
here and there whenever the
circumstances allowed all Muslims were
offered two choices convert to
Christianity and by doing so lose your
jihadist hatred for Christians and
remain in Spain or stay Muslim but quit
the peninsula and return to North
Africa the entire population of Granada
which at the time was hundreds of
thousands of Muslims responded by openly
embracing Christianity but remaining
crypto Muslims publicly they went to
church and baptized their children but
at home they recited the Quran preached
undying hatred for the Infidel and their
obligation to re subjugate Spain to
Islam and all of this deception was
legitimized by the fetz of leading
clerics of the day one historian Devin
Stewart in an article titled
dissimulation in Sunni Islam in morisco
tea writes the following for a marisco
which means a Muslim who openly
converted to Christianity but was a
clandestine Muslim uh for a marisco to
pass as a good Christian took more than
a simple statement to that effect it
wasn't just about saying I'm a Christian
it required a sustained performance
involving hundreds of individual
statements and actions of different
types many of which have little to do
with expressions of belief or ritual per
se dissimulation by which he means tea
was an institutionalized practice in
marisco communities Muslim communities
in Spain that involved regular patterns
of behavior passed on from one
generation to the
next despite this elaborate masquerade
Christians increasingly caught
on one Spaniard in the 17th century
wrote The Following quote with the
permission and license that their our
csed sect meaning Islam accorded them
they could feain any religion outwardly
and without sinning as long as they kept
their hearts nevertheless devoted to
their false Oster of a prophet we saw so
many of them who died while worshiping
the cross and speaking well of our
Catholic religion yet who were inwardly
excellent Muslims in other words
generation after generation of Muslims
pretended to be and lived as model
Christians even as they had nothing but
hatred for Christianity and Christians
and all to remain and eventually
reconquer Spain for Islam now as you can
see the same thing is continuing into
the modern era for example in 2013 an
assassin plot against a Christian pastor
and his church in Turkey was exposed 14
Muslim
suspects 14 Muslim suspects including at
least three women were arrested the
pastor in question MRA carali said
that two of them of these Muslims
attended our church for over a year and
they were like family one was even
baptized in reality these people had
infiltrated our church and collected
information about me my family and the
church in order to prepare an attack
against
us so in this case Muslims converted to
Christianity devoutly attended church
and behaved like family to the pastor
and the other Christians all so they
could get close enough to kill them so
what's the grand lesson here learn to
trust your instincts remember if it
looks like a duck walks like a duck and
quacks like a duck it's probably a duck
deploying this duck test is especially
important nowadays when the supposed
guardians of knowledge and disseminators
of news meaning fake news have been so
utterly discredited as Liars with very
obvious pro-muslim that is to say
anti-christian agendas